Added screenshots to example readme (#314)
gtk-rs/gtk-rs: examples/README.md

Please be sure to have installed all the required libraries before building examples (the list is available on the [gtk-rs](https://github.com/gtk-rs/gtk/) repository).

## Example Screenshots

> Screenshots of examples using cario or futures is missing. Examples are from cross compiling projects for Windows 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Screenshots of examples using cairo or futures are missing. Examples are from cross compiling projects for Windows 10.
```

Why does it matter that it's from Windows 10?

Author: I thought it would render differently based on what it was targeted for.

Reviewer: That's just Adwaita, so unless you configure a different theme this would also be how it looks like (minus font rendering differences) on a default GNOME setup :)

Author: Ah! Thank you, maybe it should say Adwaita instead of Windows.
